Type 1934 Destroyer
This was the first destroyer serie built for Kriegsmarine after WW1. Germans built some 'fleet torpedo boats' that would be called a destroyer in many other navies before, but this was first full-sized ship.
As often happened, the ships looked great on paper, but not so in the seas. First and main problem were the engines - 1934s received new high-pressure boilers which should have been more effective AND smaller than previous classes. Alas they also proved to be much less reliable, this was learned when the ships were already complete and so they had to spend a lot of time in repairs instead of in operation. Second problem was poor seakeeping abilities of the destroyers - in heavy seas they took a lot of water on the bow, so much so that first main caliber turret was nearly inoperable. AA armament, which seemed ok in 1935 (when they were laid down), proved somewhat weak for WW2 and had to be improved. Main 127mm guns were designed for anti-ship use and had no anti-air capability (unlike US guns of similar caliber).
Next type, 1934A, had corrected some of the problems. Further destroyer types went a new route - Germans decided to install heavy 150mm guns on them, so the ships could outgun any enemy destroyer. This proved to be a bad idea (150mm turrets were too heavy for ships of this size), and some of those destroyers were later converted back to 127mm.
During the war 1934s received various upgrades. They were fitted with acoustic posts (for sub detection), they received radars and improved AA weapons (quadruple 20mm flakvierling), even hull shape was somewhat changed (new 'Atlantic bows' were fitted) for better seakeeping ability. Yet the engines remained a major source of problems since installing any other kind of engine required a major rebuilding of the hulls, which Germany could not afford.
Another weakness of German destroyers was their low ammunition storage. A standard ammo load was 120 rounds per each 127mm gun, which was enough for some 10 minutes of firing. British ships in comparison took 200+ rounds. This proved crusial in the battle of Narvik, when a British destroyer squadron led by the battleship Warspite sunk 3 German destroyers and caused 5 more to be blown up by their crews because they ran out of ammo.